docs: update readme (#166)
freeCodeCamp/search-indexer: README.md

# Search Indexer

> This is a set of Lambda functions written in the [Serverless](https://www.serverless.com/) framework that are triggered by webhooks on our self-hosted [Ghost](https://ghost.org/) instances. These index articles on various news instances into our universal search bar.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These are a group of Lambda functions that are designed to be triggered by webhooks on our self-hosted [Ghost](https://ghost.org/) instances. These functions are created using the [Serverless](https://www.serverless.com/) framework and are used to index articles from various news sources into a universal search bar.
```

Reviewer: How does this sound?
